hey guys Matt LiveScience here um this
is just a quick video it's a quick
review and thank you message to MH lover
9 um she gave me this doll she made it
for me and she sent it to me um I'm a
tiny bit late on getting this up just
because I've been really busy but I
really really like her she has a pink
bathrobe she has this little skirt and
then she has her hair tied up and it's a
glue be struck you'll or a doll and I
really like her so thank you so much mhm
lover 9 you're so awesome you're like
the greatest fan and friend I could ever
have um so thank you so much and i will
be uploading more videos soon for
everybody who's wondering where I've
been I've just been really busy had a
lot of stuff going on but I have a lot
of good videos coming your way so look
forward to that and thanks again image
number 9 you rock so I just wanted to
show her really quick with all of her
stuff she sent me this little puppy as
her pet she sent me this pink bag it
looks a little bit purple on here but
it's actually pink and then she sent me
this little mirror and it came with a
stand and yeah I really loved it so
thanks
you